SASSY SENTIMENTS SIMULATION
IN COORDINATION WITH E-DISCOVERY PRE-TRIAL LITIGATION CLASS
PROF. PAULA SCHAEFER
FALL 2010

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION FOR BOONE RADLEY 
August & September


General Information
Boone has a management degree and a journalism degree from the University of Tennessee. 
He hates working for the local newspaper, making only $25,500 a year. He really hopes that Sassy Sentiments takes off so he can quit his job at the newspaper. 
Boone thinks that he is the real brains behind Sassy Sentiments. Pickle has some good ideas for the cards and she is great at the design part of the business, but she does not understand the “business” of running a successful company. Boone manages the money, prints, and ships the cards, and is the point of contact with customers. 
Most important, Boone is the one who pitched the cards to SS’s biggest customer -- Blink! Urban Fashions. Boone has some ideas for the next big customers for Sassy Sentiments. 
Boone thinks that Pickle wants to get married. He loves her, but he is not ready for marriage. 
Boone believes that Pickle inherited a lot of money when her grandmother died in 2008, but he does not know how much. Based on bits of information he has picked up, he thinks it may be as much as $1 million. 
Boone is conflicted about the real estate purchase. He wants a space for Sassy Sentiments to grow, but he does not like the fact that Pickle is going to loan Sassy Sentiments the money. But her father, Rhett, put the idea in her head so he knows there is no changing her mind. Luckily, it should be hard to find commercial space for under $250,000 (their budget amount), so he should be able to drag this out for a long time.  
Boone met Callie through mutual friends in Knoxville who knew he was looking for a real estate agent. Callie is looking for a $250,000 property for the Sassy Sentiments office. Boone doesn’t know what he wants, and he’s in no rush, so he’ll probably reject a lot of properties. Boone thinks Callie is smart, and she seems to think he’s funny. He thinks it will be fun to email her and spend time with her while he looks for property. Boone will email Callie a lot – and their friendship will quickly grow. 
Boone’s brother Nathan is a lawyer. Boone and Nathan are close in age, and are best friends. 
Gem is Pickle’s long time friend. Boone thinks of Gem as the “Partnership’s” attorney, because she drafted the Partnership Agreement and gives Pickle advice for the Partnership. Boone does not consider Pickle a personal friend, but he will email her if he has a legal question for himself or the Partnership. 
The Ewells – owners of Blu Cabinet, Inc. - are also long-time friends of Pickle.  Pickle always says that “someday” the Ewells are going to expand Blu Cabinet and may even carry Sassy Sentiments cards.  He doubts they will ever provide a serious business opportunity for Sassy Sentiments. He does not even have their email addresses and would not email them. 

Documents to be Created by Boone in August - September
E-mail.  
Some specific emails are listed on the calendar to keep you on track, but you should send at least 10 emails each day. 
Bookkeeping.
Boone will be in charge of Sassy Sentiments’ bookkeeping. You will be provided with: (1) Checking Account Ledger reflecting July 2010 activity and the current balance; (2) Income and Expense statement from August 2008 to present; and (3) a June 30, 2010 Balance Sheet. 
In August and September, update the Checkbook Ledger and the Income and Expense Statement. Both documents should reflect monthly income exceeding $3,500 --  similar to that shown in the previous 3-5 months. Sassy Sentiments customers include various small customers and Blink! Urban Fashions as the largest customer. (See additional information under Invoices). Expenses are typically 25% of income each month, and should be represented as checks written to an office supply store where the partners buy ink and cardstock. The partners draw out 100% of the profits each month. Per the partnership agreement, they split profits 50-50.    
Invoices. Use an excel template to create a Sassy Sentiments invoice for the cards that you ship in August and September. Remember, Blink! Urban Fashions (in Knoxville, TN) should account for at least $3,000 in cards purchased each month. Blink pays $2 / card because of the volume it purchases. Other small customers (that you can make up) may pay $2.50 or more per card.  The invoices should provide that payment is due upon receipt of the shipment. You prepare invoices for cards shipped by you and shipped by Pickle (see “Cards” below). 
Cards.  You should encourage Pickle to share her design ideas for Sassy Sentiments cards. You and Pickle should talk about preparing orders for shipment – she prints cards to be shipped within Georgia and you prepare cards to be shipped in Tennessee. 
Notes.  While in character, you may want to keep some notes for yourself about things that you are doing. Maybe you will jot some notes down in a Word document from a phone conversation or about a plan you have for the company. The more the better!    
Final Thoughts. Use your imagination!  Any document that you can create consistent with your character will be great. 


Boone’s August – September Calendar
Date
E-mail/Event
Aug. 20 
Boone sends an e-mail to Callie confirming that he would like to hire her as his real estate agent for the purposes of finding a commercial real estate space for Sassy Sentiments – price not to exceed $250,000. She confirms. 
Aug. 20-Sept. 20th
Boone & Callie E-Mail
Callie sends info about real estate they can view together
They set up times for viewings. 
After the viewings, their emails refer to properties they saw, what was wrong or right with the property and the price, etc. It also becomes clear that they are spending time together. Their emails refer to drinks, dinner, etc. They are spending more and more time together.   
Aug. 20-Sept. 20th
Boone & Pickle E-Mail
Boone e-mails Pickle to relay the information about viewings that Callie gives him.  At first, Boone tells her Pickle it shouldn’t take long to find a place, and he can’t wait for her to move to Knoxville.
He becomes more distant with Pickle throughout this time period, as he becomes closer to Callie. He starts saying that the properties are not right or are too expensive. He starts hinting that maybe they should not make the purchase. 
They are also emailing about the business. She is talking about new card ideas. He is emailing about possible new customers for the partnership.
Aug. 20 – Sept. 20
Boone & Nathan e-mail one another many times each day.  
September 20 – Early afternoon
Pickle emails Boone to say she is coming to Knoxville on the 21st.  She is excited to see him.
Boone emails Callie to tell her that he’s going to break up with Pickle on the 21st. He asks Callie if she will come over for dinner later this same day (the 20th). She accepts. 
9:00 p.m. on September 20
Multiple angry emails from Pickle to Boone tell the story – Pickle decided to come early and walked in on Callie & Boone having a romantic dinner at Boone’s apartment. Pickle tells Boone they are not going to be business partners anymore and that she hopes he enjoys his crappy job as an underpaid newspaper reporter. Boone is apologetic that she is hurt but tells her that he has done nothing wrong.  
He forwards Pickle’s emails to Callie and Nathan. They discuss the situation.  
Boone assures Callie that it’s for the best and that he wants to start dating Callie. 

Sept. 21-30
Boone, Pickle & Gem
Boone e-mails Gem and asks how he can “get out” of the Partnership. Gem offers to talk to Pickle for him and says they will all work it out. 
During this time period – in emails including all three of them - Gem helps talk Pickle and Boone through the end their Partnership.  
Pickle wants to be the sole owner of Sassy Sentiments. Boone feels very guilty about the Callie situation, so he is open to the idea of getting a fair amount of money and walking away.   
Boone trusts that Gem is doing what is fair for both Boone and Pickle. 




Sept. 21-30
Boone & Callie 
Boone emails Callie during this time period, talking about their relationship and the end of his business partnership with Pickle 
Boone hatches his plan to create a different kind of card company – “Simply Stated.” It will be less edgy. It will be more focused on personalized invitations, baby announcements, etc. The cards will not include art or graphics – just “simply stated” messages.
Callie helps him think of ideas for the company. She starts sending customers his way.  
Sept. 21-30
Boone & Nathan
Even though Boone and Nathan are close, Boone is hesitant to involve Nathan in his business troubles. Boone explains that the business is over, but does not say anything about negotiations with Gem and Pickle or his ideas for a new card company. 
They email about his personal problems with Pickle and his relationship with Callie. 
Sept. 30th
Gem e-mails Boone and Pickle, attaching a document that she asks them to review. The document details the end of the partnership, makes Pickle the sole owner of Sassy Sentiments, and explains the division of money between the partners. Boone is not happy about the amount of money he will receive under the terms of the agreement. And the document contains a non-compete provision, which he is not sure about.   
Boone writes to Callie and tells her about the covenant not to compete. He rationalizes that his new company is not really competing with the Sassy Sentiments. She agrees. But he also wonders if he should get Nathan involved. She suggests that he should. 
 Boone sends the document to Nathan and asks his opinion of whether he should sign it. Nathan says he can get Boone a better deal and that he’ll handle the negotiations with Gem from now on. 



