SASSY SENTIMENTS SIMULATION
IN COORDINATION WITH E-DISCOVERY PRE-TRIAL LITIGATION CLASS
PROF. PAULA SCHAEFER
FALL 2010

BACKGROUND INFORMATION FOR ALL STUDENTS

Simulation Instructions 
In addition to this packet, each of you will receive a packet of character-specific instructions, including: (1) a list of documents that your character will create (such as spreadsheets, Word documents, etc.); and (2) a calendar of deadlines, especially focusing on email messages to be written by your character. Within this framework, you play the part of your character.  
The result of your fall semester efforts will be a complex legal problem (and a large volume of electronically stored information) that will result in litigation in the spring semester.  Boone and Pickle will become clients and the other characters will be witnesses in litigation. Counsel will be pre-trial litigation students in a class where the focus is litigation involving electronically stored information. The simulation students will participate in the pre-trial litigation class throughout the spring semester: hiring counsel, being interviewed and deposed, reviewing pleadings and other documents prepared by counsel, and cooperating in discovery. Simulation students will attend pre-trial litigation class from time to time and will be available to their attorneys to answer questions outside of class.  
Student Outcomes 
Simulation students will gain first hand experience as clients and witnesses, learning what it is like to interact with litigators. Most of you will have an opportunity to practice your lawyering skills, including negotiation, drafting, and legal research. You will also become familiar with the problems associated with the increasing volume of electronically stored information and its impact on litigation.   
Simulation Goals 
We have two primary goals in this simulation. 
Create a Large Body of ESI and Other Information. The first goal is to create a large body of electronically stored information (ESI) that the pre-trial litigation class will use in the spring semester.  Consistent with this goal, do not delete anything. Keep all emails, Word documents, Excel spreadsheets, etc. If you create it, maintain it. If you have a laptop, please make that your main – or preferably only – home for documents that you save.  It will also be fun to have paper copies of a few things. If you put things on paper, keep them in a place where you can find them.  

Create a Realistic Dispute. Our second goal is to create a realistic legal dispute that will get us into court in the spring semester. Your personal calendar will give you the framework for that dispute, but your creativity will make this a success. Do whatever it takes to “get into character” and act as you believe your character would act under the circumstances. 
Simulation Characters
 

Boone Radley  
BooneRadley@utk.edu
Played by Kris Frye



Charlotte “Pickle” Harris 
CharlotteHarris@utk.edu
Played by Marianna Jablonski




Callie Purnia 
CalliePurnia@utk.edu
Played by Katie Mathews Zipper



Gem Finch 
GemFinch@utk.edu
Played by Lauren Poeling
	

Nathan Radley
NathanRadley@utk.edu
Played by Ryan Barry

 
Violet Ewell
VioletEwell@utk.edu
Played by Shelby Ward 

Jay Ewell
JayEwell@utk.edu
Played by Anthony Raiford
Creating  Information in the Simulation – Instructions for All Characters. 
E-mail.
Your passwords are set as: Pr3tri@l
Use your character’s assigned email account. Address messages to other characters only at their character email accounts – and ONLY IF YOUR CHARACTERS KNOW ONE ANOTHER. Please send a bcc of all emails to Prof. Schaefer at prhschaefer@gmail.com. 
Your personal calendar will list topics for you to e-mail characters about, as well as specific events that must happen by specific dates. In order for all events to happen within the semester, we must stay on schedule. 
But the calendar is only a starting point! You will need to send at least 10 email messages each day. If you are Boone or Pickle, those 10 email messages can be to anyone. If you play a character other than Boone or Pickle, you should send email to Boone or Pickle (as appropriate) at least 10 times each day. Get into character and think about what your character would be doing on a day-to-day basis. 
We would like the email accounts to be full of lots of irrelevant information, too. Please sign up for a few “offers” that you know will result in junk. E-mail your non-simulation friends, too --  just don’t do anything to involve them in the dispute. 

Other Documents. 
Your packet will contain information about other documents that your character must or may create. 
Use your imagination!  Any document that you can create consistent with your character will be great. 

Calendar. 
Your packet will contain your character’s calendar. 

