
SASSY SENTIMENTS SIMULATION
IN COORDINATION WITH E-DISCOVERY PRE-TRIAL LITIGATION CLASS
PROF. PAULA SCHAEFER
FALL 2010

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION FOR BOONE, NATHAN, AND CALLIE
November, December, & Spring Semester


General Information for All Characters
As the last day of classes this semester, November 24 is the last day when you have to email one another. Until then, continue following our 10 messages per day rule.  
There is minor bookkeeping that Boone must continue to do for the months of December through April – discussed below.   
For all three of you, at the beginning of next semester please look at the Pre-Trial Litigation Syllabus (available at TWEN). You will see the days you will be asked to interact with Pre-Trial Lit “attorneys” in class. You may be contacted to help them outside of class, too. You should act as your character would under the circumstances.  So, Callie, you may be contacted by Pickle’s attorneys. You do not have to talk to them unless you think your character would – or if your character is compelled by subpoena to talk to them in a deposition. 
Boone’s Bookkeeping in November through April
Even though the emailing will end, I would like Boone to continue to keep a realistic record of his income and expenses in the Simply Stated checkbook register from now through April. Your expenses will continue to run about 25-30% of your income. Your income will increase, though, over the $1000 (or so) you made in sales last month. With end-of-the-year parties, November invitation sales should be around $2,500.  You may have a similar high amount of sales in December, and then things will likely drop off a bit in January through April. 
Please have your check book register up to date when you meet with your attorneys in January (find the date on the Pre-Trial Litigation Syllabus (available at TWEN). You should bring it up-to-date again before your deposition in April (you will receive notice of the exact date and time).  

November - Calendar for Boone, Nathan, & Callie
Date
E-mail/Event
November 1
Callie realizes that she has received an email from Blu Cabinet about its new line of Sassy Sentiments cards. She reads the other emails (that she had previously ignored) about Blu Cabinet’s expansion and new product lines. She forwards this information to Boone with her take on it: Pickle has been working on this Blu Cabinet deal for a while – probably while she and Boone  were still partners. 
November 1-7
Boone, Callie & Nathan
In emails to Nathan and Callie (sometimes to both, sometimes separate) Boone complains about Pickle and her Blu Cabinet deal. He asks both Nathan and Callie if there is anything he can do about it. 
Both Nathan and Callie do legal research and forward him various cases. 
Both Nathan and Callie analyze whether he can sue Pickle. 
Callie and Nathan encourage Boone to find out the extent of the deal between Sassy Sentiments and Blu Cabinet. 
Nathan is still concerned about whether Boone is violating the non-compete. Boone is not concerned. 

November 1-7
Just Boone & Callie
Boone and Callie are also talking about Simply Stated business. She forwards a couple of customers to him early in the month. He will fill these orders before month’s end. 
One key order is from customer Mrs. Henry Lafayette Dubose. She has requested a formal invitation for the Thanksgiving Dinner she is hosting in Atlanta, Georgia. She will send it to 50 of her closest friends and relatives. She is willing to pay a premium to have the cards delivered to her within by November 8. You need to make this card. 
Boone and Callie are a couple now, so they may refer to their dating relationship. 
Boone forwards Nathan’s “paranoid” messages about whether Boone is violating the non-compete. Callie tries to reassure Boone that everything will be fine. 
November 8-14
Boone sends Pickle at least one email every day for a week, working to get details about her deal with Blu Cabinet. Boone is really playing to her weakness – he knows that she wants him to recognize that she is a good business person. By the end of the week she admits how big the deal was (huge). She wants him to be impressed, and Boone plays as if he is impressed. He wants her to trust him so he can get more information from her. 
Every time Boone hears from Pickle, he forwards it to Callie and Nathan. 
Callie, Nathan & Boone exchange numerous emails during this time period. Boone updates them on filling the Simply Stated orders. Boone needs to make at least one of the Dubose Thanksgiving invitations. 
Callie refers another customer to Boone for Simply Stated.
November 14-24
Nathan, Callie & Boone email about their personal lives, but increasingly, their email messages focus on what to do about Pickle.  Both Nathan and Callie think he should sue. Nathan does not want to be his attorney in any litigation against Pickle. (Nathan – explain why you think this is a bad idea).  They talk about whether an attorney would take the case on a contingent fee and how damages would be calculated if Boone could prevail.    
November 24
Pickle writes to Boone and tells him she knows about Simply Stated. She is going to sue him for violating the non-compete. She has one of his cards.
Boone responds that he’s not competing. He’s in a completely different type of business. 
Boone tells her that she should be worried about a lawsuit. She didn’t tell him about how much money the partnership was about to make with the Blu Cabinet deal. Half of that money is rightfully his. 
Pickle responds that she paid for Sassy Sentiments, so she doesn’t have to share Blu Cabinet with him.  She adds that she shouldn’t have paid him anything because he has sabotaged her ability to get work from Blink! They only ordered $100 in product this month and she knows that he is behind that! 
Later on November 24
Boone updates Callie and Nathan on his conversation with Pickle. They decide that a lawsuit is inevitable. After the holidays, they will find a good lawyer for Boone. 


