SASSY SENTIMENTS SIMULATION
IN COORDINATION WITH E-DISCOVERY PRE-TRIAL LITIGATION CLASS
PROF. PAULA SCHAEFER
FALL 2010

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION FOR 
BOONE RADLEY, NATHAN RADLEY, AND CALLIE PURNIA 
October

General Information
Boone will continue to send at least 10 emails each day. Nathan and Callie will each continue to send Boone at least 10 emails each day. 
BOONE’S BOOKKEEPING IN OCTOBER – Keep separate records of your income and expenses for Simply Stated. Similar to Sassy Sentiments, expenses run about 25-30% of income. You are not going to do any work on Sassy Sentiments this month, so you won’t have any expenses. We can assume that all outstanding invoices have been paid, so you won’t have any additional Sassy Sentiments income either. 
Boone, Nathan, and Callie’s October Calendar
Date
E-mail/Event
October 1-13
General Instructions - Boone and Callie E-Mail About the Following Topics: 
Negotiations. Boone keeps Callie up to date on the negotiations. Sometimes (but not always) he forwards email messages from Nathan to Callie and asks if she agrees with what Nathan is doing.  He may ask her some questions about the non-compete clause, and confide in her that he is not going to tell Nathan about Simply Stated. 
Admissions about Conversations with Sassy Sentiments’ Biggest Customer. Callie becomes your confidant. Admit to her that even though Blink! Urban Fashions called to place an order with Sassy Sentiments, you refused. You told them that Pickle will be taking over the business solo and that they should call her directly. You told them you are worried about Pickle’s ability to run the business on her own.  Now you wonder if you should have said that. 
New Business – Simply Stated. Boone knows the end is coming for his Sassy Sentiments income. He is desperate for money and he needs a new source of business. Callie has friends from her real estate work and law student friends (who have student loan money). Boone & Callie start talking about how she can send business his way for custom invitations and announcements – baby shower, birthday part, wedding shower, engagement party, etc. Callie refers the first Simply Stated customer during this time period. You can use real people or fake ones to email their ideas for cards to Boone. Boone will quote them a price. Boone should make about $1,000 in profits in October from the new business.   
Relationship. Boone and Callie are starting to date. 

October 1 – 13
Boone & Nathan
The focus for the two of you will be the agreement to end the partnership and to sell the business to Pickle. 
Nathan – Start treating Boone like a client. Tell him not to talk to Gem and Pickle anymore (he may not listen to you, but tell him). You will spend a lot of time negotiating with Gem. Forward those emails to Boone. Get the most money you can for Boone, but you must agree to a non-compete clause (that is a key part of the lawsuit next semester, so you can’t negotiate your way out of it). You also need to: (1) leave the attorneys’ fees provision in the agreement; (2) allow the agreement to contain a provision that the partners will each pay an equal share of Gem’s final bill for work she did for the partnership.  You should not ask Boone any questions that would lead him to tell you that he has plans for another greeting card business. 
Boone – Treat Nathan as your lawyer and let him take the lead in the negotiations. If you think your character would, send an email to Pickle or even to Gem now and then. You should tell Nathan that you have started referring all Sassy Sentiments customer inquiries directly to Pickle. You can ask Nathan about the non-compete, but do not tell Nathan directly that you are already planning to have your own card company. You’re worried that if you tell him too much, he’ll raise the issue in the negotiations and you don’t want it to hurt your deal. You should confide in Callie about this.   
October 13
Gem and Nathan (and their clients) reach a final agreement. The final agreement must (1) provide for the termination of the partnership relationship; (2) discuss the terms of Pickle’s buyout of Boone’s interest in Sassy Sentiments; (3) include a three-year agreement that Boone will not compete with Sassy Sentiments; (4) note that an outstanding partnership expense is Pickle’s final bill which both partners will split 50/50 when it is received; (5) contain a provision providing for attorneys’ fees if either party breaches the agreement. They circulate it by email to both Boone and Pickle, who sign on October 13. 
October 14-31
Boone & Callie 
Non-compete. Now that he has signed the agreement, Boone is worried about the non-compete. He and Callie start talking about it during the latter part of the month. Boone rationalizes that he’s not really competing, because his new business isn’t “Sassy” and because he is making custom cards. Callie suggests that she could do some research for him. Through the end of the month, she sends him cases (from Westlaw or Lexis) and they write back and forth about what the cases mean for his legal argument. Even though she is not yet a lawyer, she is giving him legal advice and he is actively seeking it.   
Relationship. Boone and Callie continue to date. 
Simply Stated Business. Callie sends more customers Boone’s way. Remember, the goal is to make about $1,000 in profits this month. 
Old customer. Late in the month, Boone brags to Callie that he has convinced his old contact at Blink! to  put samples and order forms for his custom invitations on a table in the area where Sassy Sentiments (and other cards) are found on the shelves. 



October 14-31
Boone & Nathan
Boone & Nathan have daily email contact about their personal lives. 
Boone admits after the agreement is signed that he is starting to do a little business on the side, but he assures his brother that he is not competing. 
Nathan has to ask a lot of questions to get details about what Boone is doing, and Nathan is concerned.  Nathan researches cases concerning enforcement of non-compete provisions. He raises the issue of the attorneys’ fees provision in the agreement. 
As the month closes, Nathan and Boone exchange an increasing number of emails about whether Boone has reason to worry that he is breaching the agreement with Pickle. Nathan is mad that Boone did not tell him about the other business while they were negotiating the contract. 
October 15
Gem emails her September bill to both Pickle and Boone. She reminds them that they agreed they would each pay 1/2 and that the work was for the partnership when they were still a partnership.
Boone writes back to express shock at how high it is, but he does not refuse to pay it.   
On or around October 22
Pickle emails Boone to complain that Blink! only ordered $500 in cards from her. Does he know why the order is so much less than it has been in the past? He says he has no idea. 
Boone tells Callie and Nathan about this conversation. He wonders if it’s his fault. He was pretty pessimistic about Pickle’s ability to fill orders in his conversation with Blink! Maybe they believed him.  
October 28
Callie receives an email from Blu Cabinet. She may open it around the 28th when she receives it, but she will not put together what it means until next month. 

