PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
This Partnership Agreement is made on August 30, 2008 between Boone Radley and Charlotte Harris ("the Partners").
Name and Business 
The Partners hereby form a Partnership, Sassy Sentiments, to create and produce greeting cards and various invitations. The principal office of the business shall be 1060 World's Fair Park Dr. Knoxville, TN 37917. 
Term 
The Partnership shall begin on September 1, 2008, and shall continue until terminated.
Contributions of Partners.
Partner Harris contributes $4,500 cash and other property (one desk top computer, monitor, printer, and software) valued by the Partners at $1,000, for a total contribution of $5,500. 
Partner Radley contributes $2,000 cash and other property (one laptop computer, one copier, one scanner, one printer, and software) valued by the Partners at $3,500, for a total contribution of $5,500. 
These contributions will be reflected in the Capital Account of each Partner. 
Profit and Loss
The net Profits of the Partnership shall be divided as follows: 50% to Charlotte Harris and 50% to Boone Radley. The net losses shall match this division. 
Salaries and Withdrawals
Neither Partner shall receive any salary for services rendered to the Partnership. Each Partner may, from time to time, withdraw the credit balance in his or her account, not to exceed the amount of his or her initial capital contribution. 
Interest
No interest shall be paid on the initial contributions to the capital of the Partnership or on any subsequent contributions of capital. 
Management Duties and Restrictions
The Partners shall have equal rights in the management of the Partnership business. Without the consent of the other Partner neither Partner shall on behalf of the Partnership borrow or lend money, or make, deliver, or accept any commercial paper, or execute any mortgage, security agreement, bond, or lease, or purchase or contract to purchase, or sell or contract to sell any property for or of the Partnership other than the type of property bought and sold in the regular course of its business. 
Banking
All funds of the Partnership shall be deposited in its name in such checking account or accounts as shall be designated by the Partners. All withdrawals are to be made upon checks signed by either Partner. 
Books
The Partnership books shall be maintained at the prinicipal office of the Partnership, and each Partner
shall at all times have access therto. The books shall be kept on a fiscal year basis, and shall be closed
and balanced at the end of each fiscal year.
Voluntary Dissolution and Winding Up of Partnership
The Partnership may be dissolved voluntarily at any time by agreement of the Partners or notice of a 
Partner. In either event, the Partners shall proceed with reasonable promptness to wind up the
Partnership's business. The name "Sassy Sentiments," its assets, and its business shall be valued and
sold as a going concern.
Settlement of Partnership Accounts at Termination
The profits and losses that result from winding up the Partnership's business must be credited or
charged to the Partners' accounts. The Partnership shall make distribution to a Partner in an amount
equal to any excess of the credits over the charges in the Partner's accounts. A partner shall contribute
to the Partnership an amount equal to any excess of the charges over the credits in the Partner's
account. The proceeds shall be distributed first to pay all Partnership expenses. Any surplus shall be
applied and then to settle all Partner accounts.
Governing Law. The rights of the parties under this Partnership Agreement shall be governed by the law
of the state of Tennessee.
Executed this 30th day of August, 2008 in Knoxville, TN.
Charlotte Harris	Boone Radley
